[Music]
thank you thank you please take your
seats now what if your boss was
constantly torturing and overworking you
I don't know about you but I'd probably
be looking for a new job that's exactly
what one of our guests is supposedly
dealing with let's get to the bottom of
this Rocky situation
please welcome brain and muscle okay
muscle you're the one who wrote in to
the show saying that your boss brain is
always giving you electric shocks to
force you to work are these allegations
true brain yes that's right
but he's lazy what else can I do if he
doesn't move without it he'd be happy to
spend his whole life on the couch eating
junk food and turning into jelly I have
a business to run here so I literally
have to shuck him into action muscle how
do you put up with this well it's not
easy but he's right I can't contract on
my own
you don't say here to show us how it
works
certainly let me call my assistant
spinal cord
[Music]
okay spine just like we always do
grab muscle by the hand so I usually
send the impulse to spinal cord and he
passes it on to muscle as you can all
see muscle then contracts and watch what
happens when I release the impulse
muscle remains contracted for some time
this is how I get him to work impressive
and how many employees like muscle D
manage I control over 650 muscles and I
never mix them up Wow how's that my
frontal lobe here creates an image of a
movement let's say we get an order to
lift the leg it then decides which
muscles need to be contracted to
accomplish this task after that the
information passes to my motoric region
from there I send electric impulses to
all the muscles I need to stimulate with
the help of spinal cord well muscle you
should be grateful to brain what would
you do without him
but he's harsh I get tired and can't
move but he just keeps pushing me sheesh
tell that to the guys in the eye
Department those muscles make 10,000
movements per hour so what I'm stronger
than them
[Music]
no it's jaw muscle who's strong not you
he can close the mouth with the force of
200 pounds on the molars you have quite
the dream team don't you but why doesn't
muscle here feel so tired
is it oxygen deficiency lactic acid
buildup hey I know a thing or two about
this business no not at all deep within
muscle there are transverse tubules or t
tubules for short the house calcium
channels which are like on/off switches
they make muscle tense or relaxed look
what happens when muscle exercises for a
while the calcium channels begin to leak
calcium ions and this is what happens as
a result
first the buildup of calcium ions causes
muscle to burn he's now working outside
his comfort zone then when calcium ions
leak out this produces an enzyme that
attacks and damages muscles tissue
muscle feels pain after a tough workout
because of this damage this does seem
quite torturous look at poor muscle well
yeah he does have to take a lot but
he'll be repaired within a day or so
plus he'll become stronger but aren't
there any other ways no this is just how
the deal works but I do know how to make
it a bit easier then why don't you I do
all the time otherwise you'd poop out
after a couple of push-ups oh you're
just saying that so you don't look bad I
don't believe you
[Music]
okay I'll show you long before muscle
starts burning I know that the exertion
level has been reached so I send him a
signal of discomfort this makes him feel
exhausted but I can also use tricks and
not send him that signal immediately
imagine him strong focus on the exercise
I come up with specific goals that make
the motivation to exercise very strong
and muscle performs past the point where
he feels tired just like that that's
impressive how often do you train muscle
every single day he never lets up he's a
monster Oh
moving is an exercise there's only one
way to make muscles stronger train him
up to his limit frequently the more
muscle gets exercised to the point where
calcium leakage occurs the more
resistant he becomes to its effects so
he soon adapts and rebuilds repairing
the damage it helps build not just
strength but also endurance okay fair
enough they say you have a muscle in
your team who exercises without rest and
you never gets tired is that true
oh yes hard he's our undefeated employee
of the month in the muscle department he
pumps about 2,500 gallons of blood
non-stop without ever taking breaks okay
let's meet him come on out heart
[Music]
around the clockwork
what is your secret heart brah listen
I'm made up of cardiac tissue that's
like only in me and nowhere else in the
body ladies you see skeletal muscle
tires quickly if this was to happen to
mr. Hart it would cause a heart attack
and our whole business would fail we'd
all shut down to avoid that and allow
for constant working without fatigue
cardiac tissue has a different
arrangement it has far more mitochondria
which produce more energy in the form of
a substance called adenosine
triphosphate ATP and mitochondria are
small organelles within cells they're
the powerhouse of the cell they convert
glucose into energy having more of these
means Hart will never run out of energy
under normal circumstances fascinating
but why aren't all the muscles in your
staff like this seems like it would be a
more profitable business actually no it
wouldn't
first of all part is special in that he
has so many mitochondria if all our
muscles work like him the amount of
energy we require would be enormous and
unsustainable our company the body
incorporated would simply demand more
energy than it can create and we'd shut
down okay and I see that you have a
perfect team as is well that concludes
our show today folks a big round of
applause for our guests and for our
viewers at home sound off down in the
comments what other ways do you know
that can help your muscles work hard
without feeling exhausted and if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with your
friends but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we
mm cool videos for you to check out all
you have to do is pick the left or right
video click on it and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life
[Applause]
[Music]